next up I have transformers prime rage
of the Dinobots this opens up with
Autobots fought Decepticons Cybertron
lost what a great line I really I did
not expect that when I first opened the
book I love it so I'm like okay cool you
got me basically it's a story as it says
in the title about the Dinobots and i'll
be honest i don't know much about the
Dinobots I saw the cartoon way back in
the 80s and i love the Dinobots I had
several the figures very cool but I
don't know their origin and they were
bad so I was very surprised to see that
as Ultra Magnus is ordering the
evacuation of Cybertron here come the
Dinobots as Autobots I'm like holy cow
what's going on I don't know very cool
it sort of tells us a little bit of this
backstory where something happened
because they were Autobots but then they
were experimented on something happened
to them and they transformed into these
Dinobots and the rest of the Autobots
basically don't trust them almost like
their second class citizens and they're
fighting for the right to be Autobots as
they fight the Decepticons it's a very
interesting dynamic I was very impressed
and it ends with of course the
Decepticons which is led by shockwave
right now as we learn in the beginning
Optimus Prime and Megatron have left so
they're nowhere to be found so shockwave
is leading and he kidnaps Ultra Magnus
and the Dinobots try and go to rescue
him they find that he's nowhere to be
found and shockwave and the Decepticons
are able to basically kidnap one of the
Dinobots it basically ends right there I
got I am floored at how impressed and
interested I am in this book I highly
recommend it I'm going to give it 4 out
of 5 nerd skulls